second tapes also all my dad
bitches out to CJ American a ting here
my entire life John decided on a hill
where to go shopping and buy already to
the nephews present because they're just
such a good kids when we love them so
much and we like to spoil them so that's
what we're doing that tiny little table
yeah alright you guys so who wants the
CD husband does my voice over challenge
tonight
voiceover tag where it's called who
would see you tonight I was debating
because the Oscars are on if I should
wait till tomorrow but John just showed
all of us and we were dying laughing it
is so fine it's so John it's so him so
I'm thinking about doing it tonight yes
I say people think yeah and actually
cause amazing he is definitely the
funniest thing I've heard in a very long
time and to all the people who say in an
editing timeline well I want evidence
you don't have a sense of humor because
it back to Kate and then here and
sponsored by this plant right here yes
and this brick wall I try to just claim
that unplanted by the brick wall and
Shermer oh it burns on a big exam of all
over your language cosmic where symmetry
hearing Lady Beatrice's not appreciating
stockings
you can use both hands for America's
create drama
so again you can adapt because our
relatives are learning right now anyone
so he can our team
happening oh dear you get it really fast
like you need Oh
you
you have to admit please subscribe you
have already hey you guys we're both
cheese laughs brown eyeshadow this is
pretty exciting
that's actually the jacket will work me
Oh give me away I love Justin Timberlake
so much see this seems like such a good
man such a sweet guy I am so happy a
Suicide Squad won Best Makeup I for sure
thought was going to be Star Trek but I
was like it should be Suicide Squad and
then they would living legends play I'm
obsessed these three women are
everything yes oh my god I love them all
so much